We finished our first dimension table, the DIM-Region table,
now before we continue, let's take a quick look at what else we have to do to finish our star scheme
for the data model.
So we finished the left table, the DIM table region, we have the country ID, we have the country and the region,
so this is fine. In the next videos,
we will talk about the right table, the DIM table age or the DIM table age groups as we want to call it. In this
table
we want to have theee things. We want to have the AgeGroup-ID, something we don't have at the moment, we want
to have the Age-Group,
so this is the information we have at the moment and we want to have a category
and like I said in the beginning, that baby,
adult and so on and the last step will be that FACT table in the middle which kind of combines information
of the two DIM tables that we created.
However in the next videos, let's focus on the DIM table age,
let's start creating that table in the next video.